The Git Times — Sunday, July 19, 2026
Running 744B-Parameter AI Models on Consumer Hardware Without GPU
Pure C engine streams Mixture-of-Experts layers from disk, enabling massive language models on modest RAM setups
AI: OpenClaw v2026.7.1 Overhauls UI and Onboarding for Personal AI
Robotics: Orbbec ROS1 Wrapper Adds Dual IR Control and Firmware Tools
Cyber: Cilium Advances eBPF Networking with Gateway API Access Logs
Systems: Rclone expands cloud sync with Azure Files and improved FUSE mounting
DIY: Raspberry Pi FlightTracker v2 adds Pi 5 support with cleaner install
GameDev: Comedot 4.7 revamps Godot ECS with cleaner asset store integration
"Everywhere we remain unfree and chained to technology, whether we passionately affirm or deny it."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com